[Music]
this organization has seen quite a bit
of you and we really like you and I
believe 100% you're gonna go in the
first round
no I feel like everywhere I go on
reminds me what happens
what's happening about that [ __ ] and if
you wasn't resisting arrest you still be
here so if I resist arrest you're gonna
shoot me I know what you think you saw
starting trouble now toward the service
to everybody
one cop goes to a four and now we're all
guilty so you say Larson is just this
month's victim I want to get involved do
what you did so what do the police want
with you
they want me to keep quiet
just saw the tape so what you're gonna
go blab about it they're gonna make an
example out of you what should I do
it's kind of new job I'm about to
graduate everything's gonna change if
you just put this out there what would
you do what would you do if somebody
twice your size is coming at you he was
surrounded by six or eight seconds Lisa
[Music]
cities are gonna keep birth
kids are gonna keep getting shot if cops
are gonna keep gettin off but you ever
take it out
[Applause]
you have no idea you don't have clue
what goes on on the streets you see
three minutes of a shaky video and you
think you know what you do
[Music]